working on idx 0/9
idx 0 has 2 docs
idx 1 has 1 docs
idx 2 has 1 docs
idx 3 has 0 docs
idx 4 has 1 docs
idx 5 has 0 docs
idx 6 has 0 docs
idx 7 has 1 docs
idx 8 has 1 docs
bert filtered documents
The History of the Second World War is the official history of Britain’s contribution to the Second World War and was published by Her Majesty’s Stationery Office (HMSO). The authors worked under the same conditions and had the same access to official files but their works did not appear in the History of the Second World War. I am currently researching deployment of the BEF, before and possibly after 01 Sep 1939. Military operations are covered in the United Kingdom Military Series, the United Kingdom Civil Series covers aspects of the civilian war effort and the Foreign Policy series; the Intelligence series and the Medical series are eponymous. A number of official histories were produced by government departments|||||The History of the Second World War is the official history of Britain’s contribution to the Second World War and was published by Her Majesty’s Stationery Office (HMSO). Of course the Second World War makes up a significant part of the available volumes. The first official history of the Soviet Union in the Second World War was published from 1960-64 by a collective and describes the war following Germanys attack on the USSR. However, no official, complete italian history of the Second World War was eveeer written. Owing to the magnitude of the German defeat, it took more than thirty years before the first official work on the Second World War was started
[…] Let’s face it, while the topic of anaerobic digestion of faecal sludge, otherwise known as human dung, excrement, poo, poop, shit and excreta, is not a pleasant one. They save money on waste disposal charges and do all of us a favour by reducing the carbon emissions which are endangering life as we know it on this planet. They are available for UK Anaerobic Digestion and Biogas Plant Operators. There is no doubt that a huge potential exists for the Northern Ireland biogas industry. The small-footprint, low-energy-use plastic waste reprocessing […] It’s a fact that a number of the largest and most successful UK grocery stores make biogas from food waste to power themselves
The Hogan stand in Croke Park is named after him. Among those who died were Michael Hogan, a Tipperary player. "I cannot reconcile the provocative words of God Save The Queen being sung in the very stadium where Michael Hogan and others died at the hands of crown forces on Bloody Sunday," he wrote in a published letter. For the first time the annual match is being staged at Dublin's Croke Park, the traditional home of gaelic games and the scene of an infamous massacre by British "Black and Tan" forces more than 80 years ago. For them, Croke Park is doubly-hallowed ground because of what occurred there on November 21 1920

Pentacoast family. I'm doing Sunday school ministry in my church. I want beliver guy in  settibalja caste. Read more » I'm coverted chirstan God fear. I am also Friendly, Respecting eldersMy hobbies & interests are Nature,


We Built This City is a 1985 song written by Bernie Taupin, Martin Page, Dennis Lambert, and Peter Wolf, and originally recorded by US rock group Starship and released as their debut single on their album Knee Deep in the Hoopla. This Starship song We Built This City is one that a lot of us remember. We built this city on rock and roll. Have you ever heard of this song. Featuring two #1 hits – “We Built this City” and “Sara” – the album reached #7 on Billboard and went platinum
This was an action of debt, brought by the defendant in error, John James, who sued as well for himself as for the State of Maryland, in the County Court of Baltimore County, in the said State, against the plaintiff in error, McCulloch, to recover certain penalties, under the act of the Legislature of Maryland hereafter mentioned. 316 McCulloch v. It is further admitted that James William McCulloch, the defendant below, being the cashier of the said branch, or office of discount and [p319] deposit did, on the several days set forth in the declaration in this cause, issue the said respective bank notes therein described, from the said branch or office, to a certain George Williams, in the City of Baltimore, in part payment of a promissory note of the said Williams, discounted by the said branch or office, which said respective bank notes were not, nor was either of them, so issued on stamped paper in the manner prescribed by the act of assembly aforesaid. The question submitted to the Court for their decision in this case is as to the validity of the said act of the General Assembly of Maryland on the ground of its being repugnant to the Constitution of the United States and the act of Congress aforesaid, or to one of them. Judgment being rendered against the plaintiff in error, upon the following statement of facts agreed and submitted to the court by the parties, was affirmed by the Court of Appeals of the State of Maryland, the highest court of law of said State, and the cause was brought by writ of error to this Court

universal_sentence_encoder_filtered_documents
The History of the Second World War is the official history of Britain’s contribution to the Second World War and was published by Her Majesty’s Stationery Office (HMSO). The authors worked under the same conditions and had the same access to official files but their works did not appear in the History of the Second World War. I am currently researching deployment of the BEF, before and possibly after 01 Sep 1939. Military operations are covered in the United Kingdom Military Series, the United Kingdom Civil Series covers aspects of the civilian war effort and the Foreign Policy series; the Intelligence series and the Medical series are eponymous. Government archives were opened to an extent by the Public Records Act 1958 and the Public Records Act 1967|||||The History of the Second World War is the official history of Britain’s contribution to the Second World War and was published by Her Majesty’s Stationery Office (HMSO). The transcribed name of the official Japanese history of the Second World War is “Senshi Sosho”. The first official history of the Soviet Union in the Second World War was published from 1960-64 by a collective and describes the war following Germanys attack on the USSR. However, no official, complete italian history of the Second World War was eveeer written. Not to be outdone by the detailed and sprawling history of New Zealands involvement in the Second World War, the Australian military undertook one of the longest and largest historical endeavours the nation has ever seen
There is a new revolutionary tractor is powered entirely by cow dung, which is converted into biogas through anaerobic digestion in a biogas plant. […] Let’s face it, while the topic of anaerobic digestion of faecal sludge, otherwise known as human dung, excrement, poo, poop, shit and excreta, is not a pleasant one. They are available for UK Anaerobic Digestion and Biogas Plant Operators. The small-footprint, low-energy-use plastic waste reprocessing […] It’s a fact that a number of the largest and most successful UK grocery stores make biogas from food waste to power themselves. They save money on waste disposal charges and do all of us a favour by reducing the carbon emissions which are endangering life as we know it on this planet
The Hogan stand in Croke Park is named after him. Among those who died were Michael Hogan, a Tipperary player. "I cannot reconcile the provocative words of God Save The Queen being sung in the very stadium where Michael Hogan and others died at the hands of crown forces on Bloody Sunday," he wrote in a published letter. The GAA was founded in 1884 amid a surge of nationalist fervour aimed at promoting hurling and gaelic football in preference to English or "foreign" games. For the first time the annual match is being staged at Dublin's Croke Park, the traditional home of gaelic games and the scene of an infamous massacre by British "Black and Tan" forces more than 80 years ago

I'm doing Sunday school ministry in my church. Tamil Speaking Family. And we are Marathi Speaking Family. I want beliver guy in  settibalja caste. Say no to monthly subscriptions and connect with us to create your success story


We built this city on rock and roll. Featuring two #1 hits – “We Built this City” and “Sara” – the album reached #7 on Billboard and went platinum. We Built This City is a 1985 song written by Bernie Taupin, Martin Page, Dennis Lambert, and Peter Wolf, and originally recorded by US rock group Starship and released as their debut single on their album Knee Deep in the Hoopla. This Starship song We Built This City is one that a lot of us remember. I don’t remember this song it may have been before my time lol
Maryland Congress has power to incorporate a bank. This was an action of debt, brought by the defendant in error, John James, who sued as well for himself as for the State of Maryland, in the County Court of Baltimore County, in the said State, against the plaintiff in error, McCulloch, to recover certain penalties, under the act of the Legislature of Maryland hereafter mentioned. In this case, the state of Maryland attempted to impede operation of a branch of the Second Bank of the United States by imposing a tax on all notes of banks not chartered in Maryland. Copy of the act of the Legislature of the State of Maryland, referred to in the preceding Statement. Bank was the only out-of-state bank then existing in Maryland, and the law is generally recognized as specifically targeting the U
